[dev-bug] - A failure in pass_files_to_docs_review - release_notes_review step (#2048)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

* Added the flag '-d', '--dependency' to **find-dependencies** command to get the content items that cause the dependencies between two packs.

> * Fixed an issue where **doc-review** failed to recognize scripts' names from old structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where **doc-review** failed to recognize script names, in scripts using the old file structure.
```

Author: Done
